---
permalink: /projects/
title: "Projects"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /md/
  - /markdown.html
---


<p align="center">
  <a href="#ai-projects">Artificial Intelligence</a> - 
  <a href="#software-projects">Software Development</a> - 
  <a href="#hardware-projects">Hardware Development</a>
</p>


# Artificial Intelligence

## Dynamic Attentive GNN for Cardiac MRI Reconstruction (On Going) [LINK](https://github.com/negarhonarvar/DynamicAttentiveGNNforCMRIRecon)

* Implementation of a Dynamic Attentive Graph Neural Network for Cardiac MRI Reconstruction in a cascading manner.
* Sensitivity map calculation is done according to Compressed Sensing theory using a UNet.

## Automated Stock Trading Strategy with DRL (Jun. 2024) [LINK](https://github.com/negarhonarvar/StockTrading_DRL)

* Designed a Cascading Long Short-Term Memory - Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) model which uses LSTM
layers to capture temporal dependencies in stock data and a PPO algorithm to optimize trading decisions.

## Farsi News Classification (Mar. 2024) [LINK](https://github.com/negarhonarvar/Enhanced-News-Classification-On-Large-Dataset)

 * The goal of this project is to develop a neural network model to classify news articles into thei respective categories.
 * The dataset has been preprocessed with Tokenization and Feature Extraction.

## Guidance of a Quadcopter for Object Detection (Feb. 2024) [LINK](https://github.com/negarhonarvar/Robatics.git)

* Designed a controller for a quadcopter to control its flight over boxes in an urban environment and detect target
clothing items.

## Tron Game Agent (May. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/TronGame)

* This game consists of two real-time agents that try to create more walls than their opponent while avoiding
collisions with each other and the boundary walls. The Unity framework is based on Chillin’s monitor games.
* The algorithm devised for this game is a combination of a Genetic Algorithm and Minmax, where the Minmax
algorithm is used as the fitness function for the Genetic Algorithm.




# Software Projects

## CYK Algorithm for Parsing Context-Free Grammars (Jul. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/CYK-algorithm)

* Implemented the Cocke-Younger-Kasami (CYK) algorithm to parse and validate strings against context-free grammars.
* Applied the algorithm to efficiently check whether a given string can be generated by a specific grammar, showcasing its application in syntactic analysis.

## Restaurant Management System with Django and React (Nov. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Restaurant-Management)

* Developed a web-based restaurant management system using Django for the backend and React for the frontend.
* Implemented features for browsing restaurants, making reservations, and managing user roles with different access levels for customers, restaurant admins, and system admins.

## Graph Simulation and Analysis (Jun. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Graph_Simulation)

* Developed simulations for various types of graphs, including Erdős–Rényi, Watts–Strogatz, and Barabási–Albert models.
* Analyzed graph properties such as degree distribution, eigenvalue distribution, and algebraic connectivity, implementing methods for generating and simulating real-world graph behaviors.

# Hardware Projects

## Doodle Jump Game Implementation in Assembly 8086 (Mar. 2023) [LINK](https://github.com/navidadkhah/Doodle-jump-game)

* Created a version of the classic Doodle Jump game in Assembly 8086, implementing platform generation, player movement, and score tracking.
* Developed the game mechanics to ensure smooth and responsive gameplay, with features such as random platform placement and increasing difficulty over time.

